# DropBookmarks

## Overview
I built this application with some guidance from a Udemy course as a part of my Java learning journey. The app is a web API that enables users to save and access their own website bookmarks and descriptions. It uses a MySQL database and features some fairly thorough user authentication. Though the overall idea was conceived by the instructor, I did not copy-paste any code and I encountered several unexpected hurdles that really pushed me to get a better understanding of DropWizard and Java. I appreciated that the instructor included "assignments" for additional features to add without providing the code afterward as a crutch, and I am really proud of what I was able to take away from this learning experience.

## Lessons Learned
Just like other languages and frameworks I've worked in, I found DropWizard and Hibernate to be particularly fast-moving tools, with fairly significant changes from one version to another. With my Java knowledge still growing every day, I was pushed well past my comfort zone troubleshooting errors in most of the major steps of this course. For example, DropWizard has gone through several different implementations of "basic authentication", and I can now also say the same for some elements of Hibernate as well. Having to approach this code base I constructed from so many angles ended up giving me much more hands-on time with the code than I bargained for when I embarked on this project. It feels fair to say my biggest take-away was probably the greater confidence I gained in troubleshooting Java applications. Applying knowledge of web applications and API's to a new domain helped identify areas where my current skillset is well filled out, in addition to areas where I can continue to study and push myself even farther. It felt great to wrap up the project by implementing a few extra pieces of functionality to improve the flow of the API, including extra tests and a PUT endpoint that can handle new or existing records with ease! Time to go save some bookmarks.
